---
title: Ossan dies
chapter: 0
---

# {{ page.title }}

> ### Author note:
>
>Counting all the series I've made.
>
>With this one how many will it have been?
>
>This time the MC will the an ossan with a polite demeanour
>
>By any chance he may seem young, but he's a **40 years old ossan**
>
>What kind of ossan is he? What will you do? You won't strangle me, right?
>
>And like this the story begins

---

VRRPG 【Sword And Sorcery】

The popular full immersion RPG title released for the latest gaming platform【Dream Works】

The game itself is currently on the seventh upgrade and the number of enthusiastic users is still rising.

This device capable of synchronizing with brain sinapses giving a feeling of presence outdid what other game companies have ever done. A digital yet real world where you can experience all five senses, people became addicted one after another. In spite of being a little pricey it managed to grasp the heart of the players seeking for thrill.

<br>

Among these players Osako Satoshi, player name 【Zeros Merlin】, was enjoying this world.

<br>

His avatar had hair long enough to hide his eyes due to neglect and his face was unshaven. Indeed an sloppy appearance.

His equipment was of the highest grade, yet he specially chose a plain and unified design so as not to stand out.

Wearing a dirty gray robe, he was a medium build sorcerer that many players wouldn't think that one of the top five players was him.

Even so, he was a top class annihilator in this world.

<br>

In this game one's battle prowess vary greatly depending on one's level and skills.

Other so called factor that influenced were:

- The creation of equipment
- The creation of items
- The possibility of crafting new spells

In this digital world sorcery is based on 56 phonemes and 10 numeral characters. By piling and lining different codes one can bring forth varied magical effects.

<br>

The technique named【Spell Circuit】allowed players to remodel the initial magic with their own hands, It is possible the change it's power and effect, however, more refined and complex the modifications created a strange situation where the power increase and mana consumption rate are reduced.（Why does the consumption rate also goes down?）

No matter how one calculates the offensive power should end up being 0, however, for some reason the spell displayed an abnormal might. The players gathered together to investigate the reason behind it. This has brought chaos to the early stages of the the release, soon enough people were calling it a shit game.

By using the avatar's magical power as a trigger, it was confirmed that the mana within a field is used by the spell. If the technique is practicable and meets the conditions of efficient use, the spell is said to be completed.

<br>

In any case, as the magical power inside a field does not show up as numbers, a lot of trial and error was necessary to measure the correct amount of mana to be used as the trigger.

The uproar during the release occurred because of people tweaking with spells haphazardly without any clues, it was the result of sheer coincidence.

Looking at the other side, players personally got hints from fields and dungeons and then investigated, it was up to oneself to challenge or to ignore it.

As a game it presented an awesome degree of freedom, that being the case, the players who got addicted to it are the ones who have a reasonable educational background. The great majority of the players used magic as it was without trying to modify it.

Spell modification demanded an scary amount of dedication, that being so, it was considered more productive to enjoy adventures freely.

<br>

By restructuring magic it was possible to bring the recast time to zero as well as completly eliminating the time needed for casting.

Satoshi got hooked on the deepth of the system. He was creating highly offensive spells with efficient magical power consumption one after another. He was a celebrity on this world, his name as a sorcerer was famous.

Well, infamous to be correct...

<br>

He had 4 friends on the same level as him. They formed a party and completed several quests of high difficulty as a group, this activity continued even now.

At the moment the 5 of them were fighting an *evil god* on the story mode.

<br>

They didn't know for how long they've been fighting.

The only thing that could be said is that they've come here to completly defeat the last boss.

The *evil god* have now unveiled its third and sinister form, the 5 of them made him expose himself with their own hands.

Despite of being sorcerers, they held a variety of weapons on their hands. From the beginning to the end they overwhelmed the *evil god* with brutal fire power and violence.

<br>

It has been seven years since the game release, this party usually monopolized the top ranked players podium.

The main reason behind it was their modified spells, its power and effect was classified as the strongest. To Satoshi who liked to live willfully, this world was the unique place where he felt at ease.

<br>

Once he had his name on a top grade corporation as a software engeneer, but for some reason it was forcibly restructured, currently he is living isolated on the countryside.

Everyday after working on the fields he would immerse himself on the game. In other words he was a [hikikomori](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hikikomori).

In this virtual world he is a 【Sage】, being a strong individual here was a fact that connected himself further to this world.

Despite being over 40 years old he is single, the only person he could call his family was his older sister, this fictional world was the place where he could expose himself.

By the way, in the real world he was a so called *wizard*. `I.E. 30+ yo virgin`

His personal appearance was not bad, he could be popular if he cared for his looks, but he didn't.

<br>

『Now then... isn't it about time to close things up?』(?)

『*Ou*! quickly kill him』(?)

『I'll give support from here. Thank me later, ok?』(?)

『I wonder what kind of rare items we will get』(?)

『Well then, shall we go with a formation for the finisher?』 (Satoshi)

<br>

Attacking on waves, their overwhelming magic enclosed the *evil god* reducing its **HP** to 0 in a blink.

<br>

Because they are too strong, there are a lot of suspicions of them cheating on the web.

However, the thing called overzealousness can sometimes overthrow commom sense. They paid no attention to others and continued to develop several spells.

These spells were overly complicated. Other players looking for a walkthrough were giving their opinions on the pros and cons of this mysterious system.

For an outsider it was considerably dishonest situation, the feeling of overdoing it was excessive, for their spells were ridiculously powerful.

Above all else, they wouldn't hand over the magic they've developed to others. People's suspicion of cheating was getting bigger because of this fact.

<br>

『And it's over』(?)

『What will you do now? throw a commemoration party? I'm going to sleep though...』(?)

『I'll pass, I have to work after this. I'm going to log out now』(?)

『Me as well. Sorry, I'll make up for it on the next opportunity』(?)

『Then, we'll finish it by here today. Everyone, see ya～♪』(Satoshi)

『『『『See ya～♪』』』』

<br>

His companions began to log out one after another.

<br>

Satoshi remained alone in the *evil god*'s castle checking on the loot.

However, the fact that he stayed there was the reason why everything happened.

<br>

All of a sudden the body of the *evil god* moves.

While releasing omnious miasma, the last boss glared at the enemy in front of him with bloodshot eyes.

<br>

『Unforgivable... The existence of the ones like you who destroyed me... I'LL DEFINETLY NOT FORGIVE IT!!』(*Evil God*)

『WHA-?! Impossible, its **HP** should be 0...』(Satoshi)

『CURSED, ANNOYING GODDESSES... THOSE WHO SEALED ME, BUT ALSO THESE IGNORANT FOOLS WHO OPPOSITED ME!!』(*Evil God*)

『THE EVENT HAS NOT ENDED YET?! It can't-』(Satoshi)

<br>

The *evil god* released a cursed power by clashing together his wrath and all his anger.

The surroundings were wrapped up by light.

<br>

This day, all the power supplies on Japan halted.

Along with that, several people were found dead and the cause of their death remain unknown.

<br>

Osako Satoshi silently took his last breath on the remote countryside this day.

> ### **TN**:
> There are a lot of things to be noted on this chapter.
>
> I'm identifying who is talking but there isn't something like that on the original. It's a hunch based on the accent used, I might be wrong.
>
> Magical characters are something like runes. Characters with magical properties, probably...
>
> Mana and magical power are being used as synonyms, so are magic and spell. But I don't plan on using anything as a synonym for sorcerer.
>
> The spells are basically formulas, they would write some kind of phrase with the magical characters. I'll call it formula, code or something alike.
>
> About spell modification. I think that the relation between complexity of the process and rewards is something like:
> - Power Increase is something like [logarithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logarithm), it increases fast on the beginning and then "stales"
> - Mana Consumption Rate is something like x<sup>-1</sup>, it starts high diminishes sharply
>
> Also, I am going to put sound effects, monsters name and thoughts in *italic*
>
> Somethings are **bold**, for now I don't have specific rules about it. In the future it might change... probably