---
title: Ossan Reincarnates in Another World
chapter: 1
---

# {{ page.title }}

When he realized, he was within a dense forest.

Satoshi looked around, but he had no idea how he ended up at a place like this.

He paid close attention to his surroundings. No matter where he looked at only trees could be seen, among these were some vegetation he had never seen before.

<br>

「What is this place? If I'm not mistaken, I was playing at my roo-...」(Satoshi)

<br>

　―――*Gegya*、*Gegyaa*！ 

<br>

「・・・・・・・・・・」(Satoshi)

<br>

A bird was crying as it flew through the skies, the psychedelic chirping let Satoshi at a loss for words.

He sunk into further confusion by this creature. It clearly wasn't from Earth.

Rather, It was more likely that this isn't Earth.

At any rate, none of the buildings present on Earth could be seen, he was enclosed by a thick jungle. It isn't strange that he was speechless after seeing two moons on the sky.

<br>

「Trully, where am I? at least it doesn't seem to be japan... There are some really strange plants here. Or rather, it's not a plant that I've ever seen before...」(Satoshi)

<br>

A plant that seemed like a mix from a [rafflesia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rafflesia) and a [pitcher plant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pitcher_plant) captured a wolf like beast with its ivy in the front of his eyes. The prey was carried to the center of its giant flower. Then he could hear a crunch like sound coming from there.

At least it did not exist on eath, even if existed, it wouldn't be a plant bigger than two meters.

To say nothing of the fangs growing from the center of the flower, such a thing is biologically impossible.

<br>

At this time, he felt a little disconfort on his waist and changed his attention to it.

Looking at it Satoshi was, once again, at a loss for words.

There were a few things on his waist, but there were two things clearly made to combat there. A thing he himself knew very well from the game, now reflected at his eyes.

It was a sword.

<br>

It was called 【Short Sword】, a sword light enough to use one handed.

This was a sharp sword was forged by crafter type players in the game. Plentiful of rare ingredients where used on these two pieces of equipment hanging from his waist. 

<br>

This was the world inside the game, yet the little remaining common sense he still had denyed it.

While thinking that such a thing was just impossible, he noticed a certain thing.

What he is wearing right now is a dirty gray robe, the same that his avatar was equipped with.

<br>

「*ha*, *HAHAHA*... Such a thing, such a thing can't be, right? Transfered to the game world? This isn't a common plot setting for a novel or anything...」(Satoshi)

<br>

He could but laugh.

No matter how much he wanted to deny, the answer was already in front of his eyes.

<br>

「Open・・・・Status・・・・Just kiddi--」(Satoshi)

<br>

Wishing it just to be a joke, these words were said unconsciously.

Nevertheless, the same status screen from the game was floating in front of his eyes.

For a brief moment his conscience flew somewhere.

<br>

「This can't be..., this is a joke, right? Is someone trolling me... something of this level is just unthinkable. What did happen with my body?」(Satoshi)

---

## Zeros Merlin

**Level**: 1879

**HP**: 87964503 / 87964503

**MP**: 179624580 / 179324580

**Occupation**: Great Sage

<br>

### Occupation Skills:

| Skill Name | Level |
| ---------- | :---: |
| Divine Sorcery Knowledge | Max |
| Divine Alchemy | Max |
| Divine Smithing | Max |
| Divine Pharmacy | Max |
| Divine Magical Equipment | Max |
| Divine Sword | Max |
| Divine Lance | Max |
| Divine Fist | Max |
| Divine Hunting | Max |
| Divine Assassination | Max |
| Cooking | 85 / 100 |
| Agriculture | 56 / 100 |
| Dairy | 24 / 100 |

<br>

### Body Skills:

| Skill Name | Level |
| ---------- | :---: |
| All Abnormal States Resistance | Max |
| All Sorcery Attributes | Max |
| Elemental Resistance | Max |
| Body Enhancement | Max |
| Defensive Power Enhancement | Max |
| Magical Power Enhancement | Max |
| Magical Power Operation | Max |
| Limits of Sorcery | Max |
| Martial Arts Perfection | Max |
| Limits of Manufacture | Max |
| Judgement | Max |
| Soul | Max |
| Fathom | Max |
| Stealth | Max |
| Enemy Perception | Max |
| Vigilance | Max |
| Ore Examination | Max |
| Presence Sense | Max |
| Presence Concealment | Max |
| Magical Power Sense | Max |
| Manufacturing Correction | Max |
| Dismantling Correction | Max |
| Restructuring Enhancement Correction | Max |
| Automatic Translation | 1 / 100 |
| Automatic Deciphering | 1 / 100 |
| Automatic Notes | 1 / 100 |
| Monster Encyclopedia | Max |
| Material Encyclopedia | Max |
| Surpass Limits | Max |
| Exceed Limits | Max |
| Transcend Critical Point | Max |

> **TN**: The last 3 skills seem very similar, I myself don't know the difference very well

### Personal Skills:

| Skill Name | Level |
| ---------- | :---: |
| Merlin's Grimoire | Max |
| Item Manufacture Recipe | Max |

---

「This, I'm not on a human level anymore. I'm a freaking super human in many ways. Seriously...」(Satoshi)

<br>

He was obviously not human.

Even without knowing the standards of this world, no matter how you think this is utterlly strange.

Truth be told, in the game he was already peerless. In what concerns spells he was on the same level as the *evil god*.

Pondering about the five members of the party, they have long past the domain of a human.

<br>

While fiddling with the status screen, Satoshi's complexion seemed dead while he continuously looked at it.

<br>

「*Huh*?, this is... a mail? Hm, the sender is... unknown...」(Satoshi)

<br>

Right down on the status screen command display red characters were blinking, indicating that a mail has come.

Trembling slightly he opened the mail...

<br>

「...*hmmm*・・・・・・・・*Huh*? GOD?!」(Satoshi)

<br>

The subject was 『About what is happening right now to you♡』.

It only gave him a bad feeling.

The heart is annoying, right when he had a hunch that he could not trust this world's god.

<br>

『*Yahoo*～♡　Nice to meet you, I'm the goddess Frayless-chan, Hold your head high～♡』(Frayless)

> **TN**: her name in japanese is `フレイレス` read as `fureiresu`.

<br>

「It is ok to erase it, isn't it? I'm feeling that something started to smell really bad on the air...」(Satoshi)

<br>

He felt somewhat―― no, he felt really annoyed.

It was really hard for him to cope with this tension while his head was a mess.

<br>

『There's no time, I'll say it real quick ok? Approximately 2487 have passed since I've sealed the evil god with the hero buut～, it seems that this place was inside the game you played on your world～

At that world, a lo～t of people were sacrificed in order to seal him once again but, I couldn't completly defeat him so I had to seal him in another world, oka～y?. *AHAHAHA*♡』(Frayless)

<br>

「Annoying・・・・・・I mean, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!!」(Satoshi)

<br>

『Don't randomly throw non-inflammables in other people's world, was it? Exa～ctly, at that time I had no other way to do it oka～y

And then, and then. I thought that you people could seal him from inside the game, and just as I thought. Thank you for magnificently sealing him.

He was a really annoying fellow you know～. I can't even believe that she was a goddess being that unsightly!』(Frayless)

<br>

「・・・・・That was a goddess? I couldn't think of it but a heap of visceras」(Satoshi)

<br>

What he remembered was a lump of disgusting parts of several creatures, a grotesque UMA.

A pile of internal organs would be 100 times less disgusting than that, she was a somewhat hard to understand life form.

He felt sick just by remembering her silhouette, it was really hard to believe that that creature was a goddess.

<br>

『But I wouldn't ever think that she would blow up herself while involving you all. Being honest, I was sweating～?

and the～n, I decided on reincarnating the ones who lost their lives on this incide～nt. But their game data has been reset, got it?♡?』(Frayless)

<br>

「It cant't be... Was I among these?」(Satoshi)

<br>

『As you sealed the evil god, you are special～, I got you reincarnated with your game data as it was okay?

As this world isn't that different from the game, you will have a truly easy reincarnation. You can be as peerless as you want, you've done it♡』(Frayless)

<br>

「I want to hit her... I want to hit the ones like her who made us clean up after her mess until she cries...」(Satoshi)

<br>

It would not be surprising if a common folk thought the same if their very life was snatched away by an one-sided plot.

Even him had some plans for the future.

But that was brushed off by a halfhearted reason, and they've even been made into accomplices while not looking.

It really is not something someone can lightly accept.

<br>

『From the materials to the equipments on your possession, I've reconstructed all of them with this world's equivalent. Give it your best♡

But, make your own cosumable items, ok? The way of doing it should've been installed on your brain already, take your time confirming that okay～♡

Your age should be the same as your previous world, if I'd rejuvenated you I would have to make your items again myself? Sorry, sorry～

You see～, complains from the gods that govern your world were coming, and coming... I had no other choice but to reincarnate you all～?

...Revivind the dead is clearly against the divine providence oka～y

That being the case, enjoy the rest of your lives on this world, okay?♡ Now then, see ya～ Bye By～e♡』(Frayless)

<br>

He now understood why he was there, but his situation did not improve.

Even now, He doesn't even know where He was. He just stood inside this forest.

Above all else, he didn't feel anything but anger about this goddess attitude.

<br>

「Every one of there ♡ are annoying. ...For the time being I understood my present situation, the problem now is whether there are people living by the vicinity...」(Satoshi)

<br>

It's dangerous to wander aimlessly when one does not know where they are.

This world resembles the game, then it's very likely that there are monsters roaming around.

While considering what to do, for the time being he has decided to survey this place from a higher location.

<br>

「It would be nice if I can use it... 『Wings of the Dark Crow』」(Satoshi)

<br>

Wings of the Dark Crow is a flying spell Satoshi came up with in the game.

This magic has taken into account the bad performance of the initial spell. By employing a massive formula it was possible to bring down the magical power consumption endlessly, truly a masterpiece.

In the settings of the game world, residents of the world are supposed to have a database built with magical power in the brain.

By improving the base spell and then storing it in the brain, it was possible to use every sort of magic.

<br>

Moreover, it is possible to further modify the magic that one has stored, for this purpose is necessary a special magic formation.

> **TN**: I think that this magic formation is something like a magic circle

As a result, Satoshi would come up with new spells as soon as a new idea hit him.

This spell has been manifested on this world.

Being released from the chains of gravity, Satoshi begins to ascend to the skies.

<br>

「*wo-WOo*!? SPLENDID, I'M FLYING! I'M ACTUALLY FLYING!!」(Satoshi)

<br>

For a moment the 40 years old ossan got as excited as a child. But soon he remembered his goal and looked around from the skies.

However...

<br>

「Forest as far as I can see huh... I wonder where are the cities.」(Satoshi)

<br>

The forest spread vastly on his vision, even though he has spotted some mountains, civilization was nowhere to be seen.

He searched for a village or a city, but he wasn't able to find a single one.

<br>

「No matter how I think about it, isn't this a punishment game?」(Satoshi)

<br>

He flew to whatever direction he felt like while grumbling.

Just like some incompetent migratory bird...

<br>

　　◇　　◇　　◇　　◇

<br>

As soon he felt that the spell was running out, he would quietly descend to the ground and recast it. He had done it for a few hours now.

And of course no village or city could be seen.

That being the state of things, he should now think about preparing for camping.

As long as one is not dead eating is a must, if not they'd starve to death. `surprising, right?`

<br>

「Even if I say it... right?」(Satoshi)

<br>

Even though the mail said that all of his materials have been refounded, he could not see even a speck of food on his inventory.

In the game he had properly collected food and had adventured several times with his party, yet he felt like this time was going to be a survival.

Fortunately he possessed seasonings despite having no ingredients at all.

<br>

「I have no choice but to hunt huh?... I wonder what animals are edible in this world.」(Satoshi)

<br>

While saying that while getting a bow from his inventory and wearing a quiver on his back.

He was aiming for the small animals, but there was a big problem at this point.

<br>

「Now that I think about it, I have never gone hunting alone. Yamada-san from the neighborhood did though...」(Satoshi)

<br>

Because Satoshi was living in the countryside, he deligently interacted with his neighbors.

He had memories of hunting wild boars that damaged the fields, but he only could do it because the huntsman was on his side giving him directions.

This is going to be his first time hunting by himself, if he could not do it he would starve to death.

Without sweating too much he erased his presence and searched for the prey.

<br>

「Found....」(Satoshi)

<br>

---

### Forest Rabbit

**Level**: 5

**HP**: 50 / 50

**MP**: 10 / 10

---

<br>

It was an ordinary rabbit.

Rabbits are very vigilant and they would flee by the faintest sound.

Besides, they had an habit of eating their own feces, he would throw all of its organs out and just have the meat.

<br>

He decided to draw an arrow and aim from the top of a tree.

The arrow flew from the bow the moment the *forest rabbit* turned its back to him.

<br>

―――*DOGOOOOOOOOOOOON!!* `explosion sfx`

<br>

「This is... just too powerful. Did I choose the wrong bow maybe?」(Satoshi)

<br>

The poor rabbit-san, cruelly turned to pieces of meat.

The weapon used was just too strong.

Satoshi was staring fixedly at the bow.

<br>

---

## Magically remodelled Bow Nº 321

*Attack power*: +30000

<br>

<div class="tag-container">
    <code>Physical Enhancement</code>
    <code>Doubled Power</code>
    <code>Offensive Power Increase</code>
    <code>Accuracy Rate Increase</code>
    <code>One Hit Kill</code>
    <code>Target Explosion</code>
</div>

---

<br>

「I've killed it needlessly...」(Satoshi)

<br>

It wasn't a weapon made for hunting.

He had built it with his friends for fun, but he didn't think that it was that impractical.

There's no meaning in worrying about dismantling if the prey had been blown up into pieces.

He can't secure food like that.

<br>

「Wait, calm down... I'm sure that 【Hold Back】 is among the manufacture spells. If I use it, perhaps...」(Satoshi)

<br>

One shot, one kill. And then it blows the prey to smithereens.

In that case, he just needed to hold back as much as possible and then finish it with a knife.

He started searching for the next prey while thinking that.

<br>

「This time for sure....」(Satoshi)

<br>

Once again he drawed the bow, this time he properly held back like his life was at stake.

Quickly he switched to the knife and then finished the *forest rabit*.

The rabbit didn't blow up this time, finally he could catch his breath.

<br>

The problem now is where he is going to dismantle it.

<br>

「If possible I'd like to do it by the waterside」(Satoshi)

<br>

After this he cought more 3 rabbits, and then loitered around in search for a waterside.

He was hungry but it wasn't time for it.

Other beasts could come if he stood near this blood stinking place.

<br>

　―――*GYA, GIGYA, GIGYAGYA*!

<br>

And just like that...

<br>

「*Geh*, GOBLIN?!」(Satoshi) `Geh is a surprised sfx, probably`

<br>

The standard of a fantasy world.

When you see one, think that there are a hundred more. The [king](https://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/aGjpEAz_460s.jpg) of the small fry.

The promised monster, successor of the **G**.

> **TN**: **G** stands for `gokiburi` wich means cockroach.

When the goblin saw Satoshi, it blew his whistle just like an scout from an historical play would.

The forest bacame noisy and goblins were gushing forth from the woods and quickly increased their number.

<br>

「YOU ARE KIDDING ME!!」(Satoshi)

<br>

He retreated vigorously.

He did hunt a rabbit, however, he didn't feel like facing an humanoid monster.

It wasn't like he couldn't win, but because like any person living in modern society, he didn't have a pleasant feeling about murder.

Even before that, Satoshi lacked the resolve to live in such an harsh environment.

It'll be a little while until he becomes self-aware of that.

<br>

Satoshi was fleeing while an army of goblins pursued him.

While being faster, Satoshi was hopelessly outnumbered.

Fleeing through a path one goblin blocked him, fleeing by other path there were another army of goblins.

The number that gradually grew now surpassed one hundred.

<br>

「WHAT'S UP WITH THIS FOREEEEEEEEEEEEEST!!?」(Satoshi)

<br>

Satoshi didn't knew.

This extensive forest was known in this world as a savage land called 【Farfran's Giant Greenary】.

Several monster were inhabiting the place, lots of them were still unidentified, a beasts' kingdom.

There were plenty of monster groups that surpassed a thousand individuals, goblins were only one of them.

> **TN**: `大深緑地帯` was translated as `Giant Greenary`, but it can be translated in a lot of ways. If you are insterest enough you can search [here](https://jisho.org) or [here](https://translate.google.com) the caracters for further understanding.

<br>

Just when he thought about fleeing to the skies, innumerable arrows surrounded him and he couldn't do it.

This is exactly what numerical advantage is all about.

<br>

Faint but sure, something like a light could be seen ahead of the frantically running Satoshi.

Just like the moths are attracted by light, Satoshi faced towards the light.

<br>

What appeared in front of his eyes was a village.

Well, judging by scale it could be called a city.

<br>

「Sa-Safe... *UGEH*!?」(Satoshi) `disgusted surprised sfx, I'M SURE OF IT`

<br>

He though that just for a brief moment before realising he had been mistaken.

That is because what stood before his eyes was not a village, it was a goblin army.

Indeed, the place where he headed to was the goblins' settlement.

<br>

He couldn't help but laugh for diving straight to enemy territory.

<br>

「*aha*... *AHAHAHAHAHA*・・・・・・」(Satoshi)

<br>

His mind started showing some dangerous signs.

<br>

　―――*GIGYA! GYOGYAGYAGYA*!!

<br>

Goblins wanting to bring down the prey and then eat it were closing in.

The goblins were yet to notice.

Satoshi in front of them wasn't an existence that they should've poked.

<br>

「Every one of you... BEGOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNEEEE!!!!!」(Satoshi)

<br>

Suddenly there were a devasting tempest of magical power.

This makes the goblins tremble.

But it was already too late, Satoshi was about to release a forbidden magic.

<br>

「【Dark Judgement】」(Satoshi)

<br>

A massive jet black sphere made from that monstruous magical power appears. And then several smaller spheres of the same color were produced, each of them started swallowing the goblins without mercy.

Thunders scattered around and a wicked whirlwind was blowing. The massive sphere swallowed the goblins and the very ground, erasing everything.

It was an one-sided massacre.

<br>

After battling against evil gods a few times, he had analised their attacks from an scientific point of view and came up with this nefarious spell.

This oppressive prank easily made the gobling settlement vanish, and if it was not enough, the aftermath even bore a giant crater on the surface of this gigantic forest.

This wasn't the end though, a powerful explosion was released using the sorcerer as its epicentre.

<br>

The ultra-gravity spell 【Dark Judgement】 was, in short words, the creation of several black holes on the verge of its critical point and randomly firing it.

The goblins were compressed to quantum units and then used as fuel for a wide range implosion.

It's firepower increases as the number of enemies does, and it will definetly not end until the enemy disappears.

This spell was just like a nightmare.

<br>

When Satoshi returned to his senses he saw that scene, a giant crater on the ground as if a meteorite had fallen.

Just like on the moon, craters appeared here and there.

<br>

「・・・・・・・I have comitted an irreparable mistake・・・・」(Satoshi)

<br>

Truly.

Even if he did it to survive, the aftermath of this powerful spell surpassed his imagination.

The fact that the mana used didn't go past 100 points is strange.

What he did was just destructing nature.

<br>

The only thing left is magic stones dropped from the goblins.

Even if its body is destroyed, when a monster perishes it leaves behind a magic stone. A magic stone is the cristalization of mana, and it's harder than diamond.

For that reason, no matter how powerful is the spell, magic stones will always be left.

Of course, some o them were broken, even then he managed to acquire a huge quantity of magic stones.

<br>

「・・・・Better search for water」(Satoshi)

<br>

Even so his mind was not calm.

That is because he felt just how much he was out of the norm.

His steps were heavy, as if he were dead.

<br>

After 3 hours Satoshi succeeded in finding water.

The water was as clean as a spring, he even saw some fish swimming.

Enduring his endless hunger, he started dismantling the *forest rabbits*.

<br>

There were dismantling knives in the game, and as if it were a matter of course he had made some of them during that time.

<br>

「Dismantling *huh*?... What am I supposed to do?」(Satoshi)

<br>

As one would expect, he hesitated to do something that he had never done before. Even so, he could never win against his hunger.

Moreover, he was inside the wilderness. He couldn't tell when a monster would attack him.

When he steeled his resolve an astounding scene spread before his eyes.

<br>

「...When?・・・・・Just when did I dismantle it?」(Satoshi)

<br>

Indeed, the *forest rabbit* pretty meat was already separated.

And it didn't have a speck of blood or fur on it.

Obviously an abnormal situation.

<br>

「It can't be helped. Let's move to the next on... huh?」(Satoshi)

<br>

The moment Satoshi lift the *forest rabbit* his arms reacted uncounciously, as if it were natural, a delicious looking meat had been disassembled.

The person himself was surprised.

<br>

「Could it be・・・・・・Is this the occupation skills at work?」(Satoshi)

<br>

【Divine Hunting】 and 【Dismantling Correction】 were among his skills.

These skills pull out great correction related to hunting.

The occupation skills are divided on 5 levels, and the correction applied to each level greatly differs. These levels are:

- ＜Divine＞
- ＜Emperor＞
- ＜Demon＞
- ＜Master＞
- ＜Apprentice＞ or ＜Rookie＞

> **TN**: ＜Rookie＞ isn't correct, the kanji is `士` and it's used to indicate a person related to a profession. **E.G.** sorcerer: `魔術士` [majutsushi] 'person related to the magical arts'.

Well, the terms can vary depending on the occupation, but this is basically the basis.

If personal skills are included, the velocity of the process would become unworldly.

<br>

In order to obtain occupation skills one needs training. For example, if one wants to be a swordsman one needs to raise their 【Swordsmanship】 skill.

Satoshi has all of his occupation skills on ＜Divine＞ level, he was a great deal above the level of an expert.

The speed and precision of the dismantling was truly on godly level, it was so refined that others weren't able to follow.

<br>

「This is already on an inhumane realm, right?... I wonder if I'd better to live alone somewhere?」(Satoshi)

<br>

Skills demand a reasonable amount of experience, yet all of his are abnormally high.

In other words, this was the proof of his devotion to the game, but the story changes now that this is his reality.

That being the state of things, should a country lay its eyes on him the situation could turn ugly.

And of course he wanted to refrain from that if he could.

<br>

「Besides, I'd like to get married if I could... Guess nobody would be interested in a monster like me, right?～...」(Satoshi)

<br>

It was a crucial problem for him who's still a virgin.

He did have enough material left to make a rejuvenation medicine, but it wouldn't fit this situation.

Furthermore, he didn't have any of this world's money.

<br>

「Well, I guess that my only salvation is that the currency used here is based on japanese yen...」(Satoshi)

<br>

The conversion rate was one to one, one gol converts to one yen.

From there it continued. 5 gol, 10 gol, 50 gol, 100 gol, 500 gol.

All of them were gold coins, the size changing its value.

After reaching a thousand gol, gold bars were used. It was uncommon to see alchemists sweating blood while tempering gold.

Unlike in Earth, gold was relatively cheaper and easier to be obtained.

> **TN**: I'll translate it like this, gol [`ゴル` - goru] and gols plural.

<br>

The scene of him cooking the rabbit alone was frankly lonesome.

And yet he distracted himself from this feeling.

<br>

「Thinking about it... it seems that lives don't matter as much here. I wonder if I ever be attacked by bandits would I be able to kill them... *sigh*～」(Satoshi)

<br>

Thinking about the game settings, this world should have multiple nations.

Depending on your nationality the way you are treated changes.

Some countries gave a cold shoulder to sorcerers, others discriminated against demihuman races and yet other countries have compulsory military service in order to strengthen its military.

It was but the setting of the game, he could not be sure that reality was the same.

Who hesitate in front of a criminal don't have a long life, at times one is demanded to make resolute decisions.

In order to live quietly, it's better not to stand out.

<br>

「Well, there's no use thinking about it now... I'd better eat before it gets cold」(Satoshi)

<br>

While saying that he took a bite of the cooked rabbit meat.

<br>

「Delicious....」(Satoshi)

<br>

In the corner of this vast evergreen land, the ossan was devouring the meat alone.

Indulging himself with his hunting spoils quietly, he now seemed like a pitiful depiction of a cave-man.

Yet he did not stopped eating.

This was just how hungry he felt.

<br>

After that he decided to tie himselft with a rope on the top of a tree and sleep. 

He thought that it was less dangerous than sleeping on the ground. As his buttocks were aching on the next day he decided against doing it a second time.

> **TN**: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

<br>

「Honestly, it was the least confortable place ever. *Sigh*~... My buttocks hurt...」(Satoshi)

<br>

That's a very misleading way of saying it.

> **TN**: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

<br>

「Let's improve at using the skills today as well. How about using a sword?」(Satoshi)

<br>

There are no problems about the attack power of his current weapon.

Rather, it seemed even excessive.

<br>

The two swords hanging from his waist, even though plain looking, were made up with only the best of his skills. A fiendish weapon born from his hobbies and pranks.

All his equipment were plain with nothing eye catching, a figure prone to be made light of.

Anyway, his bangs were long enough to cover his eyes, his hair was a mess and his face was unshaven.

His back was slightly rounded. He was indeed a boring ossan.

<br>

Even so, this boring ossan still was unparalleled on the game.

If a person this powerful actually existed, it was obvious that people would fear and avoid them.

He'd like to refrain from living as an object of envy and jealously, even so he didn't want to be alone as well.

He would avoid a solitary live with all his forces.

<br>

In this case, he had no other hand but to overwhelm the opponent without using all his might.

He just needed to hold back from a safe position.

He did not know how to do it though.

<br>

「In the end I have no other option than to get used to this body... How bothersome...」(Satoshi)

<br>

After living for about 10 years on the countryside, he was not used to take the initiative to do something.

He has already passed the age to shout 『ORE、TUEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!』 out loud.

> **TN**: apparently 『ORE、TUEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!』 is a slang for used when a novel's MC realises he is OP. It means "I'm strong" in japanese btw.

Building an ordinary family is no more than a modest dream right now.

In order to fulfill this dream he had now to get a grasp of how to use his power.

<br>

「Is there any good opponent around?...」(Satoshi)

<br>

After saying that he felt an reaction coming from his field of vigilance.

An skill that reacts this lively is truly priceless.

<br>

　―――*GASA*…… `vegetation rustling sfx by the context`

<br>

His ear picked the sound of the vegetation rustling, at the same time he picked his sword.

A fat body and the head of a pig, these were the characteristics of the monster that appeared.

It was some kind of orc.

<br>

「【*Meat Orc*】... This is edible, right? Guess I'll knock it down...」(Satoshi)

<br>

A very common edible monster.

The Meat on its name showed just how delicious its meat was.

At the same time, it's a famous erotic monster from fantasy, this was also true for this game.

Highly fertile, and with a sexual desire so strong that no matter the number of female orc there were, it wasn't enough.

While in the game, the situation where the orcs procreated too much that it turned into a large scale combat event was frequent.

Belligerent and omnivorous, it was a monster constantly subjugated.

<br>

Satoshi closed the distance in a blink, with swords on both hands he sliced the orc.

Instant kill.

<br>

「...What do I say? Even holding back this is the result... How much of a monster have I become～?」(Satoshi)

<br>

The orc had perceived him.

However, the fact that the orc had no time to counter him talked just how fast Satoshi was.

Just like a certain **wanderer**. `read as rurounin`

<br>

After quickly dismantling the orc he moved in search for the next target.

This pattern would repeat for some time.

<br>

Conclusion. 『I'm too strong that it's not even funny』

<br>

「With this, food is guaranteed for a while, still... eating only meat would be a little...」(Satoshi)

Meat three times a day is going to be tough.

He tried searching for wild vegetables, even so he could only find medicinal plants.

The ones like 【Bloody Belladonna】 have no other use but poison making.

He could turn it into ingredient for medicines, that being said, as he doesn't have the machinery necessary it's useless.

He could train making magical medicines, but as he doesn't have vessels to store it as well, this option is also useless.

Presently, the useless things were only increasing.

<br>

「Bread... I long for white rice」(Satoshi)

<br>

Satoshi was already being loud on his second day at this survival life.

As a former farmer, he was used to some degree of inconvenience, but this survival lifestyle on this desert island like place was being very tough on him.

What appears before him wasn't natives, but brutal creatures that mistook him food.

And that happened quite frequently.

<br>

Even increasing the ingredients, his food situation did not change.

This cruel situation disgusted him.

In the first place, it's impossible to ask someone from modern society to live this primitive lifestyle.

It's better if I were dead, once you truly think this you're done for.

<br>

「Why can't I find any edible plants here?... If I eat only meat wouldn't it break my nutrition balance?」(Satoshi)

<br>

Only complaints left his mouth.

<br>

「I won't ever believe in gods... They are all enemies」(Satoshi)

<br>

　―――*GYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*!! `no idea`

<br>

Is this a punishment for insulting the gods? That came flying from the sky.

Green scales covered its body, the owner of a long neck, a flying type monster.

Sharp nails grew on its two legs, pointed fanges were queued on its mouth.

<br>

「WY-WYVERN?!」(Satoshi)

<br>

The wyvern was persistently trying to dedicate Satoshi to its stomach. It attacked and retreated several times.

It was impossible to ask him to cope with a flying enemy using a body he wasn't accostumated with. He had to flee while evading the incoming attacks.

<br>

This game of tag with his life on line continued until the sun went down.