---
title: Ossan Has a Cliché Encounter
chapter: 2
---

# Ossan Has a Cliché Encounter

One week has passed by since he've been reborn at this world.

Satoshi finally got out from survival and succeeded in finding road.

Farfran's Giant Greenary was a place of savage carnage.

What followed after the goblins were, orcs, trolls, man eaters, wyvern and chimeras. He had fought one after another without time to take a break.

Attempting to sleep at a cave and then realising it was a nest of killer ants. Attacked by lizzardmen when he tryed to take a breath at riverside. And crazy apes thirsted after his butt when he thought of sleeping on a rocky area.

> Crazy Ape is the name of the monster

<br>

This one week had badly worn out his heart.

<br>

「Finally... Finnaly I can go to a town... **FU**...**FUFUFU**...」

<br>

You could see how wasted he ragged he was just by looking at him.

Even so, his stamina was still pristine and he had barely used his magical power.

He felt a great deal of relief by being able to escape from that savage world. He would be depressed just by thinking about how have he been living up to now.

<br>

「Now then, wich way should I find a city?... There are two ways, meaning a fifty-fifty situation... makes one hesitate huh?」

<br>

Satoshi picks up a nearby twig, lining it vertically to the ground he decides to follow wichever direction it falls towards.

As the twig only falled to the left after 23 tries, he was going to the right.

He had quite the twisted personality.

<br>

The trees were cut down and the surface leveled, this kind of crude road it was.

I wasn't even stone paved, the soil just had been hardened out and he could see some weeds sprouting sparsely.

*This is going to turn into a river should it rain*. He thought that while taking extremely light steps.

At any rate, there was the possibility of someone being down on this road.

That being the case, he could at least bump into someone. He could perhaps even meet a new friend.

After a hellish week in the beast's kingdom, he longed for people.

<br>

「Won't anyone come out? even bandits are ok」

<br>

Anyone would do as long he could have a conversation.

Naturally, should a bandit come out what lies ahead is a fierce killing, an one-sided massacre is certain.

At any rate, he had lived through a week on survival with his life at stake.

He had yet to notice one thing. Should any danger draw near him, he himself would not hesitate to exterminate it.

<br>

The only thing that he had noticed by now is...

<br>

「Thinking about it now... I hadn't bathed for some time now～. Am I not smelling?」

<br>

He was now concerned about his body odour after not being able to bathe for a week.

When he, who didn't care at all about his appearance, said that himself, one couldn't help but to feel shivers.

The fact that he had noticed that was already a big step.

<br>

「First I need to clean my body... It would be nice if there was a river.」

<br>

He advanced through the road while saying that.

Whether was it his luck or god's providence, there was indeed a river before him.

Moreover, he even spotted a manmade bridge.

<br>

It was a small river with about 7 meters of width, but he was happy to have water nonetheless.

In order to choose a secluded place he went to the bridge to confirm wich places could be seen.

<br>

Satoshi took his equipment off and swiftly jumped to the river.

The long awaited bath―― Bathing in cold water felt better than he remembered. He was working hard to cleanse himself from dirt.

He even washed his clothes and while they were drying on the rocks he was making the preparations to eat.

<br>

Just one thing, he still have nothing but meat for meal...

<br>

While waiting to the clothes to dry, he was spacing out staring at the shore.

I has been so long since the last time he had spent his time this leisurely.

The only weird thing was that he would occasionally faintly laugh by himself.

<br>

「Won't it dry soon?...」

<br>

When the the sun shone right above him he wore his clother quickly. He wore his equipment as if he had done it innumerable times.

After doing it several times during this week, he now wore his equipment naturally.

It was an unthinkable clothing for a modern person, nevertheless, this was the proof that people can get used to anything should they be pressed enough.

<br>

Occasionally a merchant wagon would cross the bridge, just by knowing that there were people living nearby was a blessing for him.

He went back by the river before climbing the bank, now he headed towards the direction where the wagons went.

A magnificent bright white carriage was passing by his side, as he was not interested in influential people he paid it no heed.

<br>

He was just following the road with confortable steps.

<br>

　◇　　◇　　◇　　◇　　◇　　◇　　◇　　◇　　◇

<br>

A single carriage advanced through Farfran's main road.

It was a luxurious carriage with a calming combination of bright white and golden ornaments here and there.

Two knights were on alert by the driver's seat, while two well featured people sat inside.

<br>

One of them was an old man with a well built body. `**TN**: old man as in elderly`

He was the archduke that governed these lands, he was a descendent of the 【Solistea Sorcery Kingdom】 royalty.

Currently he was retired, he was just a grandfather who doted very dearly on his granddaughter.

His name was 【Former Archduke Creston Van Solistea】.

> **TN**: I have no idea why the author put his title and name together.

<br>

After his son had succeeded him, the conflict among his two grandsons tuned more serious, recently only his granddaughter 【Celestina】 could heal his heart.

This celestina was now seated on this same carriage glancing at a book wearing a somethat downhearted expression.

<br>

She was treated very coldly at the duke's residence, in this country where the sorcerers held the power she faced terrible disdain.

And this was all because she possessed absolutely no talent for sorcery.

Nay, in this world every living being possessed the magical power necessary to use spells. It was just that her ability was considerably low.

And this was the reason why she was treated as a nuisance by her family. The fact that she wasn't even officially accepted as any of the duchesses' child only made the persecution worse.

Putting it clearly, celestina was born from a servant that the duke once had an affair with.

Including it to the fact that she could not use sorcery. The cruel bullying she suffered continued to the day.

<br>

Creston, who doted on his granddaughter, was now living with her on the vila he had retired at. They were doing everything they could to increase her aptitude at sorcery, but this have yet to bear fruits.

He had invited renowed sorcerers throughout the kingdom to teach her. Every one of them failed, and she ended up being labeled as talentless.

He, as her grandfather, wanted to see her happy, still, as a result it only helped to drive her to a corner.

His expression facing her was painted with kindness and compassion.

<br>

On the other hand, because celestina knew about her grandfather's kindness she could give it her all.

Being an illegitimate child, she hold feeling of gratitude and respect towards her grandfather, who treated her very dearly without any hint of discrimination.

However, no matter how much affection she puts to respond to those feeling, if her efforts does not bear a fruit it's all for naught.

As a result, her smile have have turned awfully sorrowful.

And this was a very bitter pill for creston.

<br>

When the carriage approached the bridge by the road, Celestina voiced a sigh out loud. 『Aahh~……』

<br>

「What's worng, tina? Did you see something?」

「Indeed, ojii-sama. I've seen a sorcerer... one who possessed a pair swords just passed by」

> **TN**: ojii-sama means honorable grandfather literally. I opted to keep the original `and probably will do the same for other callings` to keep it less convoluted.

「A pair of swords? Isn't he a sorcerer? Was there really someone like that?」

「Yes, he was wearing a gray robe very..... well...」

「Did he look rather shabby? well, gray robes are lower rank sorcerers. Or perhaps he could even be a traveler from other country」

<br>

In this country the color of one's robe indicated their class.

Gray robe is lower rank, middle rank is black, high rank is deep crimson. And finally the elite under direct command of the country are white.

If one walked while wearing a gray robe they would be whether a low rank sorcerer or a someone from other country who came to travel.

As far as the Sorcery Kingdom was concerned, their research on sorcery was cutting edge. Even so, the true state of affairs was not so bright. The researches split into several factions and fought each other.

Power struggle happens everywhere you go.

<br>

「However, possessing swords you say... I'm sure that it's to compensate for the sorcerers' weakness, even so I'd say it's a very difficult choice」 `difficult as in filled with hardship`

「Is it so?」

「Indeed, sorcerers improve their sorcery and so does a knight with swordsmanship. But it's common sense that one who takes both at the same time masters none」

<br>

Sorcery and swords, both have advantages and weaknesses.

Sorcery excels at long range attacks and assistance, but it's extremely weak at close range combat.

Swords excels at close range combat but it's weak to long range attacks, one would easily be defeated before closing the distance.

And how to cope with it is strategy, by no means one is better than the other.

Furthermore, using both at the same time means wasting all of one's life in harsh training and yet achieving nothing.

Ones power is proportional to their talent and hard work.

<br>

「It's also plausible that he's only holding it as a mean of self-protection, as a sorcerer is weak against enemies in close range.」

「He's putting a lot of effert right?... I still have long ways to go, yet I haven't taken a single step forward.」

<br>

Celestive stared at the Sorcery Academy textbook while looking down.

She could remember the spells' formula, but she wasn't able to activate it.

*Perhaps there's something wrong with the formula*, on several occasions she would thought that and investigate what exactly wasn't right. Unfortunately she never managed to reach an answer.

<br>

The carriage advanced while their minds were far away from there. The carriage suddenly lowered its speed, Creston who noticed it called out to the knights on the driver's seat.

<br>

「What is the matter?」

「Your Excellency, it seems that the merchants are on a standstill. We can't proceed like this.」

「A standstill you say? Did some sort of accident happen?」

「It seems that a tree had fallen and is blocking the way. The merchants and their escort are attempting to move it out apparently」

> **TN**: their scort are mercenaries btw, I didn't find a good way to put it together in the phrase though.

「I see... a fallen tree... Watch out the surroundings you two, somehow I have a bad feeling about this」

「Understoo...WHA?!」

<br>

The knights suddenly raised their voices. Creston then knew that his premonition had come true.

The Robbers that lurked in forest around started attacking all at once using bows.

<br>

「RO-ROBBERS!!」

「GUARDS, PROTECT ME!! UGYAA!」

「SHIT! IT'S AN AMBUSH!!」

「USE THE CARGO WAGON AS YOUR SHILD, WHO HAVE A BOW START COUNTER ATTACKING!!」

<br>

While the merchants were panicking, the battle between the mercenaries and the thiefs started.

<br>

The merchant who took an arrow ~~to the knee~~ screamed and collapsed unsightly.

It's fortunate that the wound is not serious, nonetheless he spilled screams to the mercenaries.

<br>

「o-ojii-sama!」

「Stay quiet here, I'm also going!!」

<br>

Creston got off the carriage with a sword in hands, then he unsheathed his silver sword.

This sword had been imbued with magic, it was a magic sword that raised a protective barrier around its owner.

Both the knights had prepared their shields and somehow managed to withstand the incoming arrows.

<br>

「Now... it's quite bad. There are too much enemies.」

<br>

Even though it's a magic sword, there's a limit to how much magical power it could hold. Should this magical power run out, the barrier will vanish and battle would go back to melee.

Numbers influenced the result of a battle. A bunch of people could still attain victory even if they're weak individually.

<br>

The bandits probably closed the road with the intention of, after murdering all the merchants and mercenaries, stealing every single penny they could.

As his granddaughter life was at risk, Creston did not have other alternative.

He would rather attack with magic, however spending time chanting while surrounded by enemies is a rather foolish move.

Further, he could only attack after dissolving the barrier. If he actually did that he would end up minced.

The initiative had been taken on him, furthermore, the moves he could take were limited.

<br>

「The area around the carriage had been taken care of, but were're still surrounded! jii-san, how long will that magic sword hold?」

> TN: jii-san is an less polite way of adressing an elder

「Well, it all depends on the magical power within it... the barrier could vanish anytime」

「They don't seem like letting us go」

「So does it seem... they are probably thinking about killing everyone who saw their faces」

「We are out of hands then...」

<br>

A drawn-out battle is disadvantageous because of the limit of magical power in the sword.

But should the barrier go down, they would be flooded with arrows without space for a counter attack.

The criminals were quite systematic.

<br>

「HIHAHAHAHA! You lot are going to be dead meat, got it? We gonna take the gold and the women. The brats gonna turn into gold as slaves. We are going to sell the women too, but just after having lots of fun with 'em」

「These bastards... getting all conceited」

「LIKE HELL WE WILL GET KILLED THAT EASILY!!」

「Oh, I hear you barking! but what can you do on this situation? You gonna die anyway so, at least die quietly」

<br>

The man who looked like the thieves' leader was getting conceited.

It was a famous story that Creston's magic sword had a time limit. If he had any way to deal with it he could bring the damage suffered to a minimum.

He was long used being a criminal, it's also highly probable that this is not his first time doing something like this.

<br>

「This is bad... the magical power is running out」

「It's all or nothing, should I step forward?」

「We can only do that now. It would be easier if I could use sorcery...」

「Hey hey, your prided sword is getting wearker. Be at ease and dive to hell, you can just leave the rest to us. HIHAHAHAHA!」

<br>

The bandits and the boss were in high spirits.

They didn't think the plan could ever fail at all.

However, every plan is fated to have some unforeseen events.

And then it appeared. Suddenly coming without prior notice, it bared its fangs.

<br>

「You're a hindrance. 『Freezing Flower』」

<br>

In a blink of an eye the forest surrounding the merchants was dyed white. Some thieves froze as well and crumbled apart.

That attack had aimed only for the archers. Now the only ones left are either on the vanguard or in the rear blocking the way.

<br>

「Seriously... here I thought that there was a city but isn't it just a bunch of criminals? That's so overused and boring」

「WHO?! SHOW YOURSELF!!」

<br>

As if called, someone carefreely got down from the top of the white carriage when the boss shouted.

He was wearing a gray robe, his bangs were long enough to cover his eyes.

He was an unshaven medium build sorcerer.

<br>

Satoshi was walking on the road when he spotted a shady bunch who obstructed the way. He had hidden himself between the trees on the forest and gathered intel from there.

He sincerely didn't want to get involved when he discovered that they were bandits. Even so, he couldn't pretend not to see what he had already seen.

<br>

「Bastard... you really went and killed my companions」

「Companions? Haven't you misspelled disposable tools? I bet they were something like that for the ones like you...」

「SHUT UP. Even if they're disposable you can't just kill them as you please!! They are MY tools」

「What cruel words. Well, not that it has anything to do with me... 『Black Thunder Duet』」

<br>

When several black beads appeared around Satoshi the bandits couldn't hold their laugh.

But soon this laughter would turn into fright.

The jet black bullets pierced through the bandits, releasing a lightning powerful enough to burn them from inside out.

<br>

After seeing their comrades being reduced to cinders the bandits were confused.

In any case, they have never seen that spell in their lifetime, obviously enough they did not know how to deal with it.

<br>

「I'm sorry. You see, as one who excels at annihilation, I'm perhaps the most well suited opponent for people like you」

「MO-MONSTER... What's up with that spell!?.. Never even heard about something like that...」

「It was my first time killing someone... yet I can't feel anything. Did I finally break?」

「SHUT UP!! Attacking from the back is cowardice, FIGHT ME FAIR AND SQUARE!!」

「Did you actually say that? Well, that's fine to me!」

<br>

Receiving the unreasonable speech from the criminal, Satoshi closed the distance and cut down the bandit's leader arm.

Not knowing what had just happened, the leader faced reality the moment he looked at his arm.

<br>

「As you requested, I came fair and square from the front... are you satisfied now?」

「*HIGYAAAAAAAAAAAAAA*!! ARM, MY AAAAAAAAAAARRMMM!!」

「It's not time for it I see. It can't be helped, should I accompany the rest?」

<br>

Nobody managed to follow Satoshi's movement.

Moving seemingly at lightning speed, he appeared out of nowhere in front of the leader and cut down his arm.

The bandits dispaired at the sudden appearance of this powerful person.

And were being suppressed by Satoshi in a blink of an eye.

<br>

He, who has struggled for survival with starving beasts, already didn't possess any kind of compassion towards his enemies.

The law of the jungle can hugely change someone.

<br>

「Fa-fast. What's up with that speed?...」

「Moreover, he even used spells. He has quite the skill...」

「Sword and sorcery... he has no gaps!」

<br>

The mercenaries were surprised by the sudden mighty reinforcement, but the fear they felt now surpassed that emotion.

Should they face each other on the battlefield, the mercenaries would probably be exterminated without time even to flee.

Fortunately that sorcerer were an ally, the existence they would never ever oppose to.

Even if they're hit from behind, at the very least they would never experience that dread.

<br>

「This isn't a joke, I'm outta here!!」

「Ru-run for your lifes, he will kill us all!!」

「I'll never resort to crime again, I'm gonna plow a field on the countrysi-AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!」

「A demon... HE'S A DEMO-AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!」

<br>

They were all amateurs to fight after all, should a strong enemy appear they would all crumble away.

<br>

「Treating people as monsters... what an impolite bunch」

<br>

Satoshi muttered in disappointment and displeasure.

He's enough a monster.

<br>

「Don't let even one run, kill them all!!」

「Doing such an underhanded trick, DON'T EVER THINK ABOUT GOING BACK ALIVE!!」

「IT'S PAYBACK TIME, YOU DISGUSTING PIECES OF SHIT!!」

<br>

It wasn't long before the bandits were hunt down.

Not being used to fights from the beggining, the thiefs were hardly worthy opponents for the mercenaries.

They closed this hole with numbers in the beginning, but due to an intruder it ended up failing.

The fleeing bandits were mercilessly crushed by the enraged mercenaries.

<br>

「All things are transitory... void」

> TN: he said something related to buddhism and [impermanence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impermanence). I don't really get it though

「No no, you really saved us on this occasion. I'd be delighted to express my gratitude to you」

<br>

He was slightly bewildered by being addressed to so suddenly.

Seemingly a courteous elderly, there was a high chance that he was a noble.

Thinking that, Satoshi smoothed over his agitation and regained his composure. He tried exchanged words carefreely.

<br>

「It's all right. It just happened that our destination was the same」

「Even so, it was because of you that my granddaughter didn't have to face danger. It wouldn't hurt to receive gratitude.」

「Then I'll respectfully accept that... ah, is there perhaps a village or a town down on this road? It's an embarrassing story but I seem to be lost on my way」

「There's a town on my territory but... lost on your way you say?」

「It's truly an embarrassing story, but I seem to be lost on my way as well on my life」

> TN: too relatable it hurts

「I didn't understand very well, but it seems that you faced a lot of adversities...」

<br>

Creston scratched his head while making an apologetic face. He is indeed an excellent sorcerer, but Satoshi didn't seem like the very same person who bent common sense moments ago.

Paying further attention, he noticed that the material used to make the that gray robe were from monsters he had never seen before. With this he was now convinced that Satoshi is a high ranking sorcerer.

When a foreign sorcerer travelled the chances of them being either, a spy looking for information about the enemy or someone ostracized due to some circumstances.

Creston remained cautious deep down, he looked observing every action of Satoshi with great care.

<br>

「Is it fine for me to ask your name?」

「I? Osa...nay, I'm called Zeros Merlin」

<br>

At this day, Satoshi officially turned into Zeros Merlin.

<br>

「I see, I've never heard that name before. Why did you come to this country? Someone of your caliber would be welcomed in any other country」

「I'm not young anymore as you can see, that's why I'm plannning on spending the rest of my years quietly. I was looking out for some confortable to live in town where. Serving a country troublesome」

「I understand, a researcher through and through huh...」

「While absorbed in my research I've since long passed marital age」

「You're still young I tell you. Is this something to be that depressed for?」

「Humans live for about 50 years, I wonder what will happen in my 10 years left... I want to constitute a family and live my remaining years working in the fields」

<br>

It was really a humble ambition.

I didn't seem like he was lying. Creston was liking this sorcerer called Zeros very much.

There are a lot of sorcerers who like to brandish their authority, others who don't even try to improve themselves. These bunch grew more uncivilized by the day.

Sorcery research obviously demanded money. The researchers greedly tryed to make connections with nobles, they would desperately use the funds of the research for bribes.

They appeared truly miserable holding on their authority. They were so rotten that it was difficult to call them sorcerers.

He was very pleased to hear Zeros say that he did not want authority like these researchers. He felt pleased to the point of wanting to make personal connections with him.

<br>

（*hmm... He's an excellent sorcerer. I could ask him to be tina's personal tutor. He probably has already researched a great number of people. Above all else, he's a foreigner so he must have a different point of view from those sorcerers in the kingdom*）

<br>

His granddaughter was the only thing in his head.

<br>

（*Perhaps he could even solve the problem tina is facing. Aaah... Tina my dear granddaughter, get back that smile you once had. For this sake I, I...Haa~Haa~..*）

> TN: that haa haa is a panting, it seriously gave me creeps.

<br>

「Old man, are you alright? I just sensed something dangerous...」

「HUH?! No, I'm feeling good! No problems」

<br>

Satoshi... Rather, Zeros was thinking 『Isn't this old man kind of dangerous?』

His love towards his granddaughter sometimes would turn into a weird direction.

<br>

「Leaving that aside... I must grant you a reward」

「WHA?! I don't need it, I only intervened because of my own reasons」

「This is a problem of our duty an honor as nobles. If we send away our benefactor just like that, who knows just how much criticism shall we will face」

「It's truly a pain. Being a noble that is...」

「You bet, even someone retired like me still have obligations like that... that is why I'll have you accept my gratitute no matter what」

<br>

He saved these nobles by sheer coincidence, this gratitude spelled trouble for him.

Even then, he could not sully the other party's honor. After thinking about it for a little while, for the time being he voiced his desire.

<br>

「Then, award me with a peaceful piece of land. If it's a place a little away from the city and has some fields in it then I have nothing to say」

「Understood... I'm going to look out for some places」

「I'm on your care. Continuing my travel would certainly be taxing on my willpower...」

<br>

What he remembered at this moment was the matter with the crazy ape.

That perverted monster had creeped up on him, undressed his underwear and was trying to have his way with him.

It's nether region stood still, with and expression of pure exstasy it chased after him. That occasion had filled him with fear.

One hundred... No, it's better to take a thousand steps on this way.

He vehemently wanted to restrain from being violated.

<br>

Zeros face paled in an instant.

<br>

「Are you alright? Your complexion doesn't seem so good...」

「I'm fine... I just remembered something unpleasant... *fufufu*」

<br>

His back was overflowing with sorrow.

<br>

A little ahead from them, the mercenaries were dealing with the corpses. They had spread oil on them then lit it on fire.

Some were treating the injured, others were moving the tree from the way.

<br>

The bandits were the ones that started that thoughtless action, but the other way had to clean after everything.

Soon after the road was freed, the merchants started moving their wagons all at the same time.

<br>

「Won't you join us on the ride? It'll take a while until you reach the town」

「What? How long?」

「About 3 days」

「No waa~y」

<br>

Certainly, he didn't want to eat meat for the three days to come.

Considering this, the answer can be only one.

<br>

「I'll be counting on you then. I don't want even to see meat for a while...」

「I don't really understand but anyway, if you're coming along then ride immediately. It's reassuring to have talented people nearby」

<br>

Zeros decided on riding on the duke's carriage.

If the town is still three days away, it's certain that they have other food than meat.

They must have brought spare food considering some kind of unexpected situation. If that's the case, it could be possible for them to share a little with him.

He decided on riding along only by self-interest.

<br>

When Zeros attempted to ride on the carriage, before him stood the silhouette of an young girl sitted on the seat.

<br>

「Ojii-sama, this person is?」

「He's the benefactor that saved us from this situation, Zeros-dono」

> TN: dono means "Mr.; Mrs.; Miss; Ms.​" according to [jisho](https://jisho.org/word/殿-2)

「I'm pleased to meet you, I'm a sorcerer called Zeros Merlin. Even if for a short time, we are going to be travelling together」

「E-excuse my rudeness. M-my name is Celestina... I'm pleased...」

<br>

She looked like on early teens.

A blond hair with no peculiarities, a lovery innocent aura characteristic of young girls.

Wearing a robe that seemed part of an uniform, she averted her eyes to the book on her lap.

<br>

「Is she a sorceress?」

「Just a novice yet, she's facing little problem you see」

「A problem? What happened?」

「Well... actually she can't activate spells」

「Can't activate? How strange」

<br>

If this world is like the game world, the very fact that a spell is not activating is strange.

Every living being is born with magical power, there are obviously differences in their personal development, but even so, the fact that she can't activate a spell is something that shouldn't happen.

<br>

「She does have magical power, doesn't she?」

「Indeed... Even so, she can't seem to activate even the most basic spells. I tried everything I could, yet the cause remain unclear」

「Then... Isn't there a problem with the spell's formula itself?」

<br>

The two of the turned towards Zeros at the same time.

<br>

「W-what do you mean by that? The formula she's using is supposed to ease the burden as much as possible」

「I can't say anything about something I didn't see. I could be a defect on the regulation of the magical power necessary for the activation, or even the spell itself can be a defective product」

「You could tell wich one is it by looking at?!」

「Well... Even though I look like this, I've created a lot of spells by myself」

「A-about the formula on this book, is there something strange about it?!!」

<br>

Celestine pressed Zeros with impressive vigor.

He was surprised by a moment, overwhelmed by that earnest gaze he felt obliged to look at the book.

All the formulas written on the book were basic ones, but as Zeros read it he felt considerable disconfortable.

There were a lot of unnecessary parts on it, wasteful parts were also plentiful.

That being the case, a smooth activation was unreasonable. Even if one managed to activate, it was a brute force method.

If one were to compare it to art, it was a terrible collection of scribbles.

<br>

「This... it's quite the defective product, you know?」

「What?!」「As I thought!」

<br>

They raised dissonant words at almost the same time.

<br>

「There are a lot unnecessary magical characters mixed in, even the meaning is absurd. If she manages to activate it, it's only natural of this spell to have a huge magical power consumption」

「In short, what is this about?」

「Someone with less magical power than the specified would be unable to activate it. If you say that such an inefficient spell is something basic, it's a little hard to say it but, it just means that the sorcerers of this country are only about that level」

<br>

Creston and Celestina admired the competency of the sorcerer who stood before their eyes.

<br>

「This... who did come up with this spell? This is clearly a pointless spell whithout any practical use...」

「Indee～d... Damned "researchers"!! spreading failed spells like these...」

「And then, can you make this magic easier to use?!」

「Of course I can. I just need to get rid of the waste, I won't even take long」

「「By all means improve this spell（please）!!」」

「Certainly?!」

<br>

And like this Osako Satoshi, rather, Zeros was optimizing a spell from the book.

As he didn't have the time necessary to rewrite the whole book, he decided on just one to restructure.

After that, the sorcerers who had written this textbook were persecuted, and then exiled from the country.

<br>

This would later turn into the very first legend of the great sage ossan.
