---
title: Ossan Solves the Young Girl's Problems
chapter: 3
---

# Ossan Solves the Young Girl's Problems

Zeros unfolded the spell code, removed the unnecessary parts and, at the same time, added essential parts together.

The contents of the magic floated midair creating a fantastical spectacle. Characters were disappearing on the edges, on other times some of were extending or appearing, and changing its shape.

<br>

The work was advancing unbelievably fast. Celestina, who have never seen this process before, was watching it with sparkling eyes.

Creston was very pleased to see his granddaughter like that. Deep in his heart he was thanking god for this encounter.

Although, it was very likely that if Zeros knew about his prayer he would stop just there.

After all, he was one of the victims of her plot.

<br>

Moreover, because that godness sealed the *evil god* on the digital world, he ended up killed as result.

<br>

「*Hmmm*... I'm finished, now you just need to give it a try」(Zeros)

「This spell is... 『Torch』?」(Celestina)

「Indeed, I chose this simple spell that anyone can use. It's consuption was reduced largely, at the same time I stressed external mana use」(Zeros)

「What do you mean by *external mana*?」(Creston)

「It's something like a mana flow of nature. By calling nature's mana with your magical power, you can induce magical phenomenons using a formula... however, it seems that all the formulas recorded on this book are limited to the use of one's individual mana to activate its effect」(Zeros)

「Wait, please. Aren't magic formulas something supposed to use one's individual mana to induce the occurrence of physical phenomenons?」(Celestina)

「No, they are not. Formulas are just a way of using nature's mana, you'll end up exausted in time using only your mana.」(Zeros)

<br>

Comparing to when it was a game, Zeros felt that this world's magic was outdated.

The amount of magical power in the world is usually constant. When it does change, it's only for a short period of time, it would soon stabilize.

Even if a phenomenon changes this value, what changed was only nature, the magical power still exists and returns to its origin.

Sorcery was all about using these natural phenomenons to attack the enemy or to protect oneself.

Spells that interfered with one's mind existed but, by repeatedly changing one's internal mana it would eventually be dispelled.

Just like everything seek to return to its initial state after any alteration, magical power also have this very same characteristic.

<br>

Only, as the internal mana released outside take some time to return, the body stamina usually regulate the situation in the meantime. That's why using one's internal mana only as a trigger and fuelling the spell with external magic is more efficient, formulas are something used to help this process.

In that case, sorcerers researching about formulas should exist in this world, and yet the very fact that they are teaching such an incomplete thing to others is strange.

<br>

「Well, be it by coincidence or intended this formula is definitely wrong」(Zeros)

「Understanding it to that point just by looking... amazing!」(Celestina)

「If you are so skilled why won't you serve the country?... you are wasting your abilities」(Creston)

「Because it's troublesome is one of the reasons, but first and foremost is because I don't want to be used as a tool in power struggle. I don't like being treated as a bodyguard who has to clean up after their employer」

<br>

Sorcerers serving the country were more obeyed by the masses than even the king.

No matter how effective is the spell you've came up with, if said masters reject it then you're done. There even are some fools between them who try to steal other's research results.

Zeros would rather be dead than joining these bunch. As long as he was alive, he wanted to remain unrelated to disputes.

<br>

「Spell research is but a hobby for me. As my sense of self-satisfaction is quite strong, I have no intention of handing out my research results to others. Even before that, I'd rather to carry the research all by myself」(Zeros)

「Certainly... there's this side as well. These people would argue that a research was affiliated to a faction and then publish it as if were their own. As a result, when they find a fault in it they would make the original researcher take responsability for it」(Creston)

「That's why one would only teach their spells formula to their successor, I see. That was very instructive」(Celestina)

「There are a lot of dangerous things among my researches, it's not something to thoughtlessly teach others. Probably, they wouldn't even comprehend it... not even what kind of spell it is」(Zeros)

<br>

That was, in short, because Zeros' magic was far above Solistea's.

The pinnacle of flame magic was said to be blue flames, this was just a matter of changing the proportion of air in the combustion changing its temperature.

An exceedingly simple physical phenomenon, it was not something to be that amazed about.

<br>

Take Zeros 【Dark Thunder Bullet】 spell for example.

It compressed mana enough to bend light rays, creating a gravitational field. When said bullet pierced the body, it would then turn gravity into energy burning the target from inside out.

Due the slight and instantaneous transformation of the attack, the effect and nature of the spell changed drastically raising its attack power. It was a vicious and fiendish spell that used magic transformation.

The formula was massive and so delicate that it seemed impossible even to decipher it, let alone understanding.

<br>

「What do you think would happen if I told someone about this spell? If I told it to that lump of greed like people...」(Zeros)

「I can only see the picture of hell」(Creston)

「The country could perish if it was not dealt carefully」(Celestina)

「That's the reason why I won't teach my spells. But I would teach a little the way to improve」(Zeros)

「A wise judgement. I wish that our fools followed your example even if a little」(Creston)

「All right, I finished optimizing two spells. Let's try using it immediately」(Zeros)

「*Ehh*?!」(Celestina)

<br>

Although it is a textbook it was a grimoire, thus it was possible to rewrite it.

That was because magic paper was being used. For the spells （Ideas in this case?） be stored in the brain, one needed to unfold the spell code at least once. This formula must be usable.

For this reason, grimoires were a simple way sorcerers could use to rewrite spells.

<br>

If Zeros etched the rewritten spells as ideas, Celestina could be able to use them. But for doing so the carriage was considerable small.

As the magic that could be used were limited, he chose a simple one.

<br>

「Of course, it's just a Torch spell, but if you maintain it under control for a long time, you can memorize mana operation」(Zeros)

> **TN**: I'll use other terms such as mana control or manipulation as well.

「Mana operation? What kind of thing is that?」(Celestina)

「In simple words... that's right, something like maintaining a fire ball created with magic for a specific time would be possible with it」(Zeros)

「*Hou*... how interesting」(Celestina)

「Even if you shoot the magic on the wrong spot, by manipulating it you could redict it to the enemy without losing any power. Range attack is impossible though」(Zeros)

> **TN**: I think he meant maintaining the same spell and hitting multiple enemies consecutively, not area attacks

「Then... I would be able to control the spell at my own volition. Is this correct?」(Celestina)

「You're mostly right, but you can't maintain the spell for a long time, you know? It's limited to the time that the spell is manifested」(Zeros)

「That's wonderful!」(Celestina)

<br>

Celestina pressed Zeros with fiercely sparkling eyes.

Looking at that the grandpa was very pleased, yet he pointed eyes full of jealousy to Zeros.

He was a very restless grandfather.

<br>

「Now then, Let's try using the Torch. As you level up your mana operation, you will be able to use magic without chanting」(Zeros)

「Yes! I'll do my best」(Celestina)

<br>

Celestina nods vigorously and then immediately proceeded to etch the modified spell code into her subconscious.

Placing her hand on the grimoire and pouring mana the formula is manifested. This formula is then etched into idea using her internal mana as intermediary.

External mana is soon dispersed, but internal mana is always there as long one is alive. Even if one colapses due to mana deficiency, it would by no means be extinguished.

Living beings were constantly generating mana, as activities induced the cells to expend its surrounding mana. Even if one runs out of mana, they would only dry up the portion destined to spell use, the mana used to sustain life would remain untouched.

In a certain way, it could be said that internal mana is the same as life force.

<br>

Among the sorcerers sorcerers, there are some who lost their lives trying to use some reckless spell. This phenomenon is a result of spell code being incomplete and absurd enough to damage the body.

Squeezing out more mana than your physical limit would end up shortening your life expectancy.

The lucky ones would remain unscratched, some victims ended up crippled or their body would scatter.

The present magic development were often tested on living human beings.

Criminals were often used as specimens for experiments. This was the actual dark side of the history in this world.

<br>

「I'm finished... then, *fire up lantern, illuminate my path*... 『Torch』」(Celestina)

<br>

A little flame lit on her firgertip.

It's weak for a torch, but even then, she definetly succeeded in activating magic.

<br>

「I did it ojii-sama! I used magic♡」(Celestina)

「*Ooh*... indeed...」(Creston)

「It's only in the level of a candle, but that is expected for a first timer. Now, if you continue to mantain it as it is, you can memorize mana operation」(Zeros)

「I'll try it! *Ah*?! *Aaa*! it's disappearing」(Celestina)

「Sending mana little by little continuously is difficult. It will disappear even by a slight wind, so be careful」(Zeros)

「Now the flame is too big～?! This is difficult~?!」(Celestina)

「This is the purpose of the practice. It's important now to continue it until your mana dries up. One you rest it will recover, once you recover you can practice again. There's no problem you see?」(Zeros)

<br>

Just like he could see his status on the game, the residents of this world also can do so.

Level can be raised by fighting monsters. She could become much more strong than she currently is, but it is something difficult for a young girl like her to do.

That's why it's important for her to learn new skills and improve herself now.

<br>

By spending all her mana it is possible to increase her total amount of it even if slightly. And if she learns new skills in the process, it's killing two birds with one stone.

Lastly, if she continues doing it her skill level can also increase.

<br>

「*Hou*... it's a well elaborated practice but, wouldn't she need to continue doing it every day?」(Creston)

「That is right. The results appear because the training continues, that is why she needs to make it her daily routine」(Zeros)

「I will do it! I could use magic, that's why I'll show you that I can overcome something of this level」(Celestina)

「Tina is burning... when was the last time I've seen her this motivated... （*Haa Haa*）」(Creston)

> **TN**: This goddamned old man. Reminds me of [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m9QUoW5KnY "Goddamnit old man")

<br>

The old man was also burning.

Even for a doting grandpa there are limits.

<br>

「In the same way, if you keep physical reinforcement spell cast on yourself, you can learn magic resistance, you know?」(Zeros)

「I want to try that as well!」(Celestina)

「I thought you'd say that, so the second spell is physical reinforcement but... it seems better to increase a little your mana before that」(Zeros)

<br>

Zeros conveyed his judgement, and peeked at her status.

The result was the following.

<br>

---

## Celestina Van Solistea

**Level**: 5

**HP**: 125 / 125

**MP**: 121 / 140

**Occupation**: Noble's Daughter

<br>

### Skill

| Skill Name | Level |
| --- | :---: |
| Fire Magic | 1 / 100 |

### Physical Skills

| Skill Name | Level |
| ----- | :---: |
| Patience | 50 / 1000 |

### Personal Skills:

| Skill Name | Level |
| ---------- | :---: |
| Endurance | 50 / 100 |

---

<br>

Her mana was decreasing continuously, slowly approaching 0.

However, this training was a delighting trial for her.

That is because she couldn't use magic until moments ago. Now being freed from that situation, she challenged the training with gleeful delight.

You could say that she was so happy that it couldn't be helped.

<br>

（*Not that I care but, her levels of patience and endurance are pretty high... did she experience that much hardships so far?*）(Zeros)

<br>

Zeros was having such thoughts while continued his task of optimizing the formulas on the textbook.

<br>

Because she is an illegitimate child, her siblings don't look at het very nicely.

Rather, they only treated her as a burden and bullyed her.

Pitiful child, she wasn't even recognized as a noble.

Of course, Zeros did not know about her circunstances, but after looking at her status, he has guessed to some extent.

<br>

「Now then, page 27...『Ice Lance』?」(Zeros)

「「FAST!」」(Creston and Celestina)

<br>

From the beginning, as the foundation of the spells code had been kept, all he had to do was getting rid of the unnecessary parts and adding together some simple control formulas.

As he was a programmer in his previous life, tasks like these are simple for him.

<br>

「Then, let's compete if I can improve all the formulas on the textbook first or you run out of mana first?」(Zeros)

「I won't lose to you!」(Celestina)

「I feel like Zeros-dono is at disadvantage, but that is interesting nonetheless!」(Creston)

<br>

Honestly, this Creston didn't care about the result at all.

It was simply because it's been a long period since the last time he had seen his granddaughter this cheerful.

<br>

In the end Zeros was faster, but he took defeat upon himself to keep the young girl's spirits.

This ossan is soft on children.

<br>

And now, looking at the delighted Celestina, the grandpa was chuckling to himself.

He's hopeless at points like this.

<br>

◇　　◇　　◇　　◇　　◇　　◇　　◇

<br>

「It's a bread... There is really a bread here...」(Zeros)

<br>

While they were preparing for camping at the resting point, Zeros looked at a bread and started crying.

He survived through a whole week in that vast forest, he had not even once put something other than meat in his mouth. Now, his tears carried an inexpressible feeling.

In spite of having spices he had no ingredients. He grew disgusted of that survival lifestyle filled with meat.

Every day he would defeat a monster for meat, then, attracted by the smell of blood, new monsters would attack him in groups, and it repeated.

His life meaning had been overwritten by primal instincts, he did nothing but hunting prey to fill his stomach with.

And now, just before his very own eyes, a very human like food was being prepared.

How could he not cry at that?

<br>

「For you to be crying at something of this level. Just how have you been living until now?」(Creston)

「I've been lost in the forest for a whole week, every day monsters attacked me. I have nothing else but meat to put in my mouth... *Kuu*... I'm glad I'm alive」(Zeros)

「Just at what forest were you?... that's too much」(Celestina)

「Well, I don't know how is that forest called. When I *wyvern* attacked me was really a hard fight～... against hunger...」(Zeros)

「「「「*WYVERN*!?」」」」(Creston, Celestina and Knights ~~that nobody cares about~~)

<br>

Including the two knights that were nearby, the four of them raised surprised voices.

<br>

「Just how did you manage to run from the *wyvern*?」(Knight)

「It can't be, did you defeat it?!」(Knight)

「If you really did, then you are a 『Dragon Slayer』!」(Creston)

「Please, tell me what kind of adventure it was?!」(Celestina)

「Dragon Slayer is too much. It's just a flying lizard, isn't it?」(Zeros)

「「「「THIS COMPARISON IS WEIRD（DESU）!!」」」」 (Everyone. Celestina said [desu](https://8020japanese.com/desu/))

<br>

*Wyverns* are also called 【Sky Demon】.

Once you are spotted, it will persistently chase you.

Its flying speed is high, and it's intelligent enough to predict some steps ahead.

Moreover, it often acted in groups. Mercenaries who are completing subjugation requests often have the table turned on them and meet they end.

By the way, its meat is of the highest quality.

<br>

「Highest quality *huh*... I have seven of them, how much could I sell it for? I'm a little troubled as I can't eat it all by myself」(Zeros)

「H-he killed it」(Knight)

「Such a monster... they are the sky demons you know?」(Knight)

「This is what a superior rank sorcerer is like... such strength just by himself」(Knight)

「By all means I'd like to buy the meat but, just what up with your strength」(Creston)

「Hm? It's nothing like a *behemoth* right? You can easily kill once you get the gist of it」(Zeros)

「「「「*BEHEMOTH* IS THE WORST CALAMITY CLASS MONSTER（DESU）！！」」」」 (Everyone. Celestina said [desu](https://8020japanese.com/desu/))

<br>

As they were awfully interested, he had no choice but to tell them some of his stories.

Of course, he told them his battles while in the game. He omitted parts like he was a reincarnated person from japan, and his battle against the *evil god*. While mixing a lie here and there, he talked to them.

<br>

The contents were something along these lines. Zeros Merlin did not know in wich country he had been born. He had been traveling with his parents since young, during these times he would study sorcery all day long, he was investigating the truth about sorcery.

He turned a monster specialized mercenary at the age of 10, after that he fought frequently on several places.

While in that, he had encountered with other 4 companions in similar circumstances to his. The five of them formed a party and travelled together challenging the utmost limits of sorcery.

They had fought unreasonable battles in order to experiment the practicity of the spells they've come up with. Battling was their every day activity.

Maybe they have grown tired of it, but due to personal circumstances his companions were getting out of this kind of life one after another. He was all by himself once again.

At some time he started desiring a normal life at some quiet place. While searching for a suitable place he lost his way, he had ended up stuck loitering around that forest.

<br>

In summary, these were the contents of his speech.

As a result...

<br>

「To think that you had that many experience in battles... I had no idea such a researcher existed...」(Knight)

「We'd better train ourselves more from now on. We can't let bandits of that level delay us ever again」(Knight)

「An horrifying, but defeating an *behemoth*, are you sane? And only by the 5 of you...」(Creston)

「Zeros-san strength is something forged through innumerable battles right? I'm reminded of my inexperience once again」(Celestina)

「I'm but a fool, I've only made a mess of my life. It's not something to be that depressed for」(Zeros)

「Aiming for the pinnacle of sorcery, you're indeed a fool. But I'd like to show this spirit to the sorcerers of this country」(Creston)

<br>

He was being seen as a hero more than necessary.

Well, as his game data was kept and his body reconstructed, it's not really incorrect.

Above all, after defeating the bandits so overwhelmingly, he had attracted some eyes of envy already.

<br>

「Then, what is your current level?」(Creston)

「・・・・・・・・It's better for you not to know it. It's not a sane number・・・」(Zeros)

「Is it that high?」(Knight)

「Is it true? Indee～d... I'd better review the training planning of the squad」(Knight)

「At the very most it should be about 500 right?」(Celestina)

「Not really・・・・（*it's about three times that*）**COUGH**...」(Zeros)

「「「WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW!!」」」(Celestina and the Knights)

<br>

Level 1879 is not some kind of date.

<br>

It gets harder to level up as it gets higher, it's said that the growth stops at level 500.

However, knowing that an individual that surpassed the level 1000 exists, their common sense crumbled.

<br>

In the first place, he had defeated an *evil god*, it's not strange for it to rise this much.

Because the bonus was very big, he had leveled up quite a lot.

What would happen if such an absurd character was put into a body with base stats?...

<br>

「I bet your skill have also turned into something terrific. I definetly don't want to make you an enemy」(Creston)

「That's really so. I'm not an enemy your excellency can hold down with your power」(Zeros)

「A sorcerer that could destroy the country if he felt like it...」(Knight)

「I'm not a sorcerer, I'm a great sage you see?」(Zeros)

「「「Stop it already, or else our common sense will ruin!!」」」(Creston and the Knights)

「Is common sense something that easy to ruin? Leaving that aside, shall we eat?」(Zeros)

<br>

Today's dinner was awfully quiet.

With the exception of an individual that was crying while eating a bread.

<br>

「*Uuh*... the first bread in a while, I didn't think I'd be this happy... I'm trully glad to be alive」(Zeros)


<br>

The great sage-sama starved for food.

> **TN**: [sama](https://jisho.org/search/様%20%23kanji) is a very polite way of adressing someone

The duke witnessed lack of common sense in a lot of ways.

<br>

The following morning, Celestina started her training in order to learn mana operation.

As if she had been freed from shackles, she was facing sorcecy earnestly.

<br>

To tell the truth, she had crammed down every spell code Zeros had modified during the previous night. She was testing wich spells she could actually use.

Talking about foundation, offensive spells demanded a great amount of magical power, it was a heavy burden for the current her.

That why she continued her training, aiming for both the skills 【Mana Operation】, that reduces the amount of mana spent, and 【Magic Resistance】.

Just like the hunter who chases two rabbits catches none, to learn these two skills a considerable amount of magical power is necessary.

For this reason, there are a lot of sorcerers who level up first in order to increase their mana, and then afterwards, start their training.

However, it was difficult for a noble born like Celestina to raise her level. Even if she wanted to do it, her mana only allowed her to perform two or three attacks.

If she defeated a high level monster she could rise it quickly, but actually challenging one is too irresponsible.

<br>

「After starting training yesterday my mana raised, even if only by 1. Then, if I do it every day for an year it should raise by about 300」(Celestina)

<br>

That was indeed the case, but as your mana increases you'd have to use stronger spells for it to maintain its efficacy.

As your total magical power increase, it became more difficult to spend it all. That's why it's needed to learn stronger spells.

The most efficient spells are the ones used for offense, but it's not like you can fire offensive spells randomly anywhere you are.

It was certain that this training would reach a standstill soon.

<br>

「Started training already? Celestina-san」(Zeros)

「*Ah*? Master!」(Celestina)

「M-master?」(Zeros)

「Yes♪ You taught me sorcery, thus master. Shouldn't I?」(Celestina)

「Well... it's not like I have a problem with it. But I don't remember ever doing something worth to be called master by you」(Zeros)

「You're wrong! you did plenty. It was because of you that I can proceed forward now」(Celestina)

<br>

While he was unaware of it, he greatly influenced her life.

While a little bewildered, he scratched his ruffled hair and gave her a wry smile.

<br>

「Things get a little harder after you learn mana operation. I'll reach a point where it's difficult to spend all your mana」(Zeros)

「Even so, it's better to do it than not, right? I want to become a sorcerer like you master!」(Celestina)

「...nay, that's a bit too brutal. Well, it's a good thing to have an objective...but why me?」(Zeros)

<br>

Zeros didn't even know at the moment just how much out of the norm he was.

At most, 『*This is a cheat*! *I can't even brag too much*～』 was the extent of his thought.

<br>

But, to Celestina he was a researcher and sage that far surpassed any sorcerer of the country.

He was a great magic user that inspired respect and envy on others.

Above all, he was the one who quickly solved her problems. He rewrote the defected spells into efficient ones as if it was a kid's play. That figure was something worthy respect.

Celestina ideal of 『This is what a sorcerer should be』 was becoming more vivid by looking at him.

Zeros haven't yet noticed that things turned this way.

<br>

「I'll teach you anything you don't understand. But you have to be careful when creating new spells, ok? That is because you can bring harm to your surroundings, reasonable levels and skills are necessary」(Zeros)

「I haven't gone far yet, but I want to reach such heights someday. I'm counting on you guidance from now on!」(Celestina)

「*Huh*? Wait a moment please, from now on?! What's this...」(Celestina)

「Haven't you heard anything from ojii-sama? He said to me that he would ask you to become my private tutor, I was sure that he had already talked to you...」(Celestina)

「I haven't heard anything... Well, it's better than continuing unemployed」(Zeros)

<br>

An unemployed ossan in his forties is bad on the eyes of society.

After all, it's better to have a job if he wanted to marry someday.

Just, he needed to do something about his looks.

An outsider could only see him as some lazy old man.

<br>

「This tutoring, until when is it valid?」(Zeros)

「About... that's right. It would probably last until the end of my summer vacation? In two months I must go back to school」(Celestina)

> **TN**: She said academy literally, but I think school fits more

「School? Is there a school for sorcerers?」(Zeros)

「Yes, it's called Istal Sorcery Academy, nobles' children study and progress in the ways of sorcery there. However, there are a lot of factions there...」(Celestina)

「What a trouble institute. Are they properly teaching sorcery? Judging by the grimoire textbook their level are way too low」(Zeros)

「After seeing you I've started to think like that as well. Is there need to study there?」(Celestina)

「Probably, isn't the academy just a place where people can develop their noble network? Sorcery being their second priority...」(Zeros)

<br>

Zeros felt a light dizziness thinking about the state of affairs of this country that forced even children to split into factions.

Forcing a faction system during a sensitive period like that is some sort of brain washing education. Honestly, it's not something very pleasant.

Obviously, there sure is some kind of vicious bullying and above all else, the children's mind become warped.

<br>

「Ojou-sama, please run away!」(Knight)

> **TN**: Ojou means "daughter of a high-class family", it can be translated as *young lady* but I opted for leaving it as it is.

「There's a *Blood Bear*!」(Knight)

<br>

Abruptly interrupting their conversation, the two knights rushed over.

On their backs there was a huge pitch black bear howling.

---

## Blood Bear

**Level**: 15

**HP**: 600 / 600

**MP**: 103 / 103

---

<br>

「Quickly quickly!」(Knight)

「『Manacles of Steel』」(Zeros)

<br>

―――*GUOOOOOOOOO*?!

<br>

Zeros captured the *blood bear* with a restraining spell.

And then he blurted out something absurd.

<br>

「Celestina-san, you did learn some offensive spells right?」(Zeros)

「*Huh*? Y-yes I did but... why are you asking?」(Celestina)

「Then try shooting that. You could raise your level if you are lucky, you know?」(Zeros)

「Impossible! I can only fire it about 3 times...」(Celestina)

「That is plenty already. 『Devil's Blessing』」(Zeros)

<br>

【Devil's Blessing】 greatly increases spells' attack power, one of the Zeros' original support spells.

He would cast this spell on his companions when they performed several annihilations.

As a matter of fact, the attack power increses about ten times, this excellent effectiveness was out of the norm even for the 5 of them.

<br>

「T-then... *crimson flames, burn my enemies*『Fire Ball』!」(Celestina)

<br>

―――*DOGOOOOOOOOOOON*!!

<br>

A thunderous roar soared and a dust cloud raised.

With a firepower that definitely didn't match a basic spell the *blood bear* was embraced by flames.

<br>

「「「*EEEEEEEEEEHHHHHHHHHH*?!」」」(Knights and Celestina)

<br>

Three surprised voices resounded by the attack power of the spell, two obviously pertained to the knights, the other one was Celestina's.

<br>

「Now, finish it. Try another spell this time」(Zeros)

「Y-yes! *Wind tear up, wild blade* 『Air Cutter』」(Celestina)

<br>

Wind magic was weak by nature.

However, the strengthened *air cutter* clearly cut the *blood bear* into two lumps of meat.

Under normal conditions it was impracticable offensive power.

The level 5 Celestina could not ever hope to defeat a level 15 *blood bear*.

But the common sense of some was overturned by the lack of common sense of one individual.

<br>

「*HIYAA*!?」(Celestina)

<br>

Zeros suddenly picked up Celestina who was suddenly falling off after being assailed by dizziness.

Due to the sudden level up Celestina, who had no resistance, couldn't get hold bearings.

<br>

---

## Celestina Van Solistea

**Level**: 11

**HP**: 205 / 205

**MP**: 151 / 211

<br>

### Skill

| Skill Name | Level |
| --- | :---: |
| Fire Magic | 10 / 100 |
| Water Magic | 1 / 100 |
| Wind Magic | 5 / 100 |
| Earth Magic | 1 / 100 |
| Light Magic | 1 / 100 |
| Darkness Magic | 1 / 100 |

### Physical Skills

| Skill Name | Level |
| ----- | :---: |
| Mana Operation | 3 / 100 |
| Patience | 50 / 1000 |

### Personal Skills:

| Skill Name | Level |
| ---------- | :---: |
| Endurance | 50 / 100 |

---

<br>

（*She leveled up more than I've thought～. Is it because a bonus effect?*）(Zeros)

<br>

「Congratulations! Your level raised to 11」(Zeros)

「*Eeh*? It raised by 6 all of a sudden?! I can't believe it」(Celestina)

「It's levels earned through actual combat, it's only natural. You've fought a higher level opponent after all」(Zeros)

「*Hu-huh*...?」(Celestina)

<br>

It didn't fell real for Celestina yet.

She used the strengthened spells only twice, so it wasn't surprising.

Even so, she had indeed killed a *blood bear* and leveled up.

<br>

「Won't one more show up perhaps?」(Zeros)

「「「Please stop it!!」」」(Knights and Celestina)

<br>

Telling what Creston was doing during this time...

<br>

「Congratulations Tina... I've finally been able to bring down a monster by yourself...」(Creston)

<br>

He wept gleefully on the shadow of the carriage after looking at his granddaughter growth.

Just how soft is this grandpa on his granddaughter?

<br>

After that they've finished dismantling the *blood bear* and had breakfast. And once again the carriage advanced through the road.

They were headed to the greatest city on the vicinity 【Santol】.